[DataGridPro] Implement Lazy loading (#5214)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/row-updates/row-updates.md

{{"demo": "InfiniteLoadingGrid.js", "bg": "inline", "disableAd": true}}

## Lazy loading [<span class="plan-pro"></span>](https://mui.com/store/items/mui-x-pro/)

To allow the grid to lazy load data, set `rowsLoadingMode="server"`.
Then the `rowCount` needs to be set to the number of available rows on the server
In addition, you need to handle the `onFetchRows` callback to fetch the rows for the corresponding index.

> Finally, you need to use the `apiRef.current.insertRows()` to tell the DataGrid where to insert the newly fetched rows.

Reviewer: The demo is using `unstable_replaceRows`. Which one is the right method? BTW, if we say to use a method it shouldn't have "unstable". IHMO, "replace" is better because it can be reused for other things too.

Author: My bad, I forgot to update it after changing the name of the method. I was thinking whether it should be unstable or not but since the feature is that's why I added the `unstable_` prefix.
The method itself is stable so I can remove the prefix and people can use it without the lazy loading.

> Finally, you need to use the `apiRef.current.replaceRows()` to tell the DataGrid where to insert the newly fetched rows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, replace the empty rows with the newly fetched ones using `apiRef.current.replaceRows()` like in the demo below.
```

> :::info

Reviewer 2: Would it make sense to display this info after the demo?

{{"demo": "InfiniteLoadingGrid.js", "bg": "inline", "disableAd": true}}

## Lazy loading [<span class="plan-pro"></span>](/x/introduction/licensing/#pro-plan)

:::warning
This feature is experimental, it needs to be explicitly activated using the `lazyLoading` experimental feature flag.

```tsx
<DataGridPro experimentalFeatures={{ lazyLoading: true }} {...otherProps} />
```

:::

> Lazy Loading works like a pagination system, but instead of loading new rows based on pages, it loads them as the user scroll through the grid and reveals empty rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lazy Loading works like a pagination system, but instead of loading new rows based on pages, it loads them as the user scrolls through the grid and reveals empty rows.
```
